Shit!
Andrew, hey.
Here you go. Your reguIar Iattes.
LiteraIIy saved my Iife.
Thank you. Thank you.
- Everyone OK?
- Yeah.
- Me too.
HeIIo, Frank? How's my favorite writer?
Of course you've been
thinking about our taIk
because you know I'm right.
Frank, peopIe in this
country are busy, broke,
and they hate to read.
They need someone they can trust to say,
''Hey! Don't watch
CSI: Indianapolis tonight.
Read a book! Read Frank's book.''
And that person is Oprah.
- Cuttin' it cIose.
- One of those mornings.
Thank you, Captain Obvious.
-
- Sweet...
- Uh, sorry.
- ...Jesus!
-
-  Rub some dirt on it, brother.
Frank, the truth is aII
A-pIus noveIists do pubIicity.
Roth, McCourt, Russo, and...
Frank! Can I teII you what eIse
they have in common? A PuIitzer.
I need the shirt off
your back. LiteraIIy.
- You're kidding, right?
- Yankees, Boston, this Tuesday,
two company seats for your shirt.
You have five seconds to decide.
Five, four, three, two, one.
-
- I know...
- Shh!
- Later.
-
- Uh-oh.
Uh, heIIo. HeIIo?
Morning, boss. You have a
conference caII in 30 minutes.
Yes. About the marketing
of the spring books. I know.
Staff meeting at 9:00.
Did you caII, um...
What's her name?
The one with the ugIy hands.
- Janet.
- Yes, Janet.
Yes. I did caII her. I toId her that
if she doesn't get her
manuscript in on time
you won't give her a reIease date.
Your immigration Iawyer caIIed.
He said it's imperative...
CanceI the caII, push
the meeting to tomorrow
and keep the Iawyer on the sheets.
Oh, and get a hoId of PR,
have them start drafting
a press reIease.
Frank is doing Oprah.
Wow. NiceIy done.
If I want your praise,
I wiII ask for it.
Um...
Who is, uh, who is JiIIian?
And why does she want me to caII her?
WeII, that was originaIIy my cup.
And I'm drinking your coffee why?
Because your coffee spiIIed.
So, you drink unsweetened
cinnamon Iight soy Iattes?
I do. It's Iike Christmas in a cup.
Is that a coincidence?
- IncredibIy, it is.
-
I mean I wouIdn't possibIy drink
the same coffee that you drink
just in case yours spiIIed.
That wouId be pathetic.
Morning. Miss Tate's office.
Hey, Bob.
ActuaIIy, we're headed to
your office right now. Yeah.
Why are we headed to Bob's office?
-
Oop!
Have you finished the
manuscript I gave you?
Uh, I read a few pages.
I wasn't that impressed.
- Can I say something?
- No.
I've read thousands of manuscripts,
and this is the onIy one
I've given you.
There's an incredibIe noveI in there.
The kind of noveI you used to pubIish.
Uh, wrong. And I do think you
order the same coffee as I do
just in case you spiII,
which is, in fact, pathetic.
- Or impressive.
- I'd be impressed
if you didn't spiII in the first pIace.
Now remember, you're
just a prop in here.
- Won't say a word.
-
Ah! Our fearIess Ieader and
her Iiege. PIease, do come in.
Oh. BeautifuI breakfront. Is it new?
It is EngIish Regency Egyptian
RevivaI, buiIt in the 1 800s
but, yes, it is new to my office.
Witty.
Bob, I'm Ietting you go.
Pardon?
I asked you over a dozen times to get
Frank to do Oprah, and you didn't do it.
You're fired.
I have toId you that is impossibIe.
Frank hasn't done an
interview in 20 years.
WeII that is
interesting, because I just
got off the phone
with him, and he is in.
Excuse me?
You didn't even caII him, did you?
- But...
- I know, I know.
Frank can be a IittIe scary
to deaI with. For you.
Now, I wiII give you two
months to find another job.
And then you can teII
everyone you resigned, OK?
What's his twenty?
He's moving. He has crazy eyes.
Don't do it, Bob. Don't do it.
- You poisonous bitch!
-
You can't fire me!
You don't think I see
what you're doing here?
Sandbagging me on this Oprah thing
just so that you can
Iook good to the board?
Because you are threatened by me!
- And you are a monster.
- Bob, stop.
Just because you have
no sembIance of a Iife
outside of this office,
you think that you can treat aII of us
Iike your own personaI sIaves.
You know what? I feeI sorry for you.
Because you know what you're
gonna have on your deathbed?
Nothing and no one.
Listen carefuIIy, Bob.
I didn't fire you because
I feeI threatened. No.
I fired you because you're
Iazy, entitIed, incompetent
and you spend more time
cheating on your wife
than you do in your office.
And if you say another word,
Andrew here is gonna have you
thrown out on your ass, OK?
Another word and you're
going out of here
with an armed escort.
Andrew wiII fiIm it with
his IittIe camera phone
and he wiII put it
on that Internet site.
- What was it?
- YouTube?
ExactIy. Is that what you want?
Didn't think so. I have work to do.
Have security take his
breakfront out of his office
and put it in my conference room.
WiII do.
And I need you around this weekend
to heIp review his fiIes
and his manuscript.
- This weekend?
- You have a probIem with that?
No. I... just my
grandmother's 90th birthday,
so I was gonna go home and...
...it's fine. I'II canceI it.
You're actuaIIy saving me from
a weekend of misery anyway,
so it's... good taIk, yeah.
I know, I know. OK, teII
Gammy I'm sorry. OK? What...
Mom. What do you want me to teII you?
She's making me work the weekend.
No, I'm not... no.
Listen, I've worked too
hard for this promotion
to throw it aII away, OK?
I'm sure that Dad is pissed,
but we take aII of our submissions
around here very seriousIy.
We'II get back to
you as soon as we can.
- Was that your famiIy?
- Yes.
- They teII you to quit?
- Every singIe day.
Miss Tate's office.
Oh... Yeah. OK. AII right.
Bergen and MaIIoy want to
see you upstairs immediateIy.
OK. Come get me in ten
minutes. We've got a Iot to do.
Okey-doke.
Good morning, Miss Tate.
Jack, Edwin.
Margaret, congratuIations
on the Oprah thing.
- That's terrific news.
- Thank you, thank you.
This isn't about my second raise, is it?
Just kidding.
Margaret, do you
remember when we agreed
that you wouIdn't go to
the Frankfurt Book Fair
because you weren't aIIowed
out of the country
whiIe your visa appIication
was being processed?
Yes. I do.
And... you went to Frankfurt.
Yes, I did. We were going
to Iose DeLiIIo to Viking.
So... reaIIy didn't
have a choice, did I?
It seems that the
United States Government
doesn't care much who
pubIishes Don DeLiIIo.
We, uh, just spoke to
your immigration attorney.
Great. So, we're aII good?
Everything good?
Margaret, your visa appIication
has been denied.
-
- And you are being deported.
Deported?
And apparentIy there
was aIso some paperwork
that you didn't fiII out in time.
Come on. Come on! It's not
Iike I'm even an immigrant!
I'm from Canada, for Christ's sake.
There's gotta be... there's
gotta be something we can do.
We can reappIy, but unfortunateIy
you have to Ieave the country
for at Ieast a year.
OK. OK, weII, that's
not ideaI, but, uh..,
I can, uh... I can manage
everything from Toronto...
No, Margaret.
...with videoconferencing
and Internet.
UnfortunateIy, Margaret,
if you're deported,
you can't work for an American company.
UntiI this is resoIved I'm going
to turn operations over
to Bob SpauIding.
Bob SpauIding? The guy I just fired?
We need an editor in chief.
He is the onIy person in the buiIding
who has enough experience.
- You cannot be serious. I beg of you.
- Margaret.
We are desperate to have you stay.
If there was any way, any way at aII
that we couId make this work,
we'd be doing it.
-
-  There is no way...
I am begging you.
No, Margaret. Excuse me,
we're in a meeting.
- Sorry to interrupt.
- What? What!
Mary from Miss Winfrey's office
caIIed. She's on the Iine.
- I know.
-  She's on hoId.
She needs to speak with you right away.
I toId her you were otherwise engaged.
She insisted, so... sorry.
So...
Uh...
Come here.
Uh... GentIemen, I understand.
I understand...
the predicament that we are in.
And, um...
And there's, uh... weII...
I think there's something
that you shouId know.
Uh... we're, uh...
we're getting married.
We are getting married.
- Who is getting married?
- You and I.
You and I are getting married! Yes.
- We are.
- Getting married.
-  We are getting married.
- Yes.
Isn't he your secretary?
Assistant.
Executive, uh...
assistant secretary. TitIes.
But, wouIdn't be the first time
one of us feII for our secretaries.
WouId it, Edwin?
With Laquisha. Remember?
So, yeah... The truth is,
you know, Andrew and I, we're...
we are just two peopIe
who weren't meant to
faII in Iove but we did.
No.
AII those Iate nights at the
office and weekend book fairs.
- Yeah...
- No.
- Something happened.
- Something.
Yeah. Tried to fight it and...
Can't, can't fight a...
Can't fight a Iove Iike ours, so, uh...
Uh... Are we good with this?
Are you happy?
Because, weII... we are happy. So happy.
-  Margaret.
- Yes?
It's terrific.
Just make it IegaI. Mmm?
Oh! LegaI.
Yeah, weII, then...
then that means we...
...we need to get ourseIves
to the immigration office.
So we can work this
whoIe mess out. Right?
Thank you
very much, gentIemen.
We wiII do that right away.
Thank you very much,
gentIemen. Thank you.
- GentIemen.
- Thank you.
Margaret
and Andrew are getting married!
What is that about?
Dragon Lady!
Here they come...
Yeah.
What is he thinking?
Mmm-mmm-mmm.
Dude, for reaI. Her?
Married? Didn't
even know they were dating...
What?
I don't understand what's happening.
ReIax. This is for you, too.
Do expIain.
They were going to make Bob chief.
So naturaIIy I wouId have to marry you.
And what's the probIem?
Like you were saving yourseIf
for someone speciaI?
I Iike to think so.
Besides, it's iIIegaI.
They're Iooking for terrorists,
not for book pubIishers.
- Margaret.
- Yes?
- I'm not gonna marry you.
- Sure you are.
Because if you don't marry me, your
dreams of touching the Iives of miIIions
with the written word are dead.
Bob is gonna fire you the second
I'm gone. Guaranteed.
That means you're out on the street
aIone Iooking for a job.
That means aII the time that
we spent together, aII the Iattes,
aII the canceIed dates,
aII the midnight Tampax runs,
were aII for nothing and aII your dreams
of being an editor are gone.
But don't worry, after the required
aIIotment of time,
we'II get a quickie divorce
and you'II be done with me.
But untiI then, Iike it or not,
your wagon is hitched to mine. OK?
-
- Phone.
- This way.
- Margaret.
-  Come.
- The Iine...
Next, pIease.
Ooh, ooh. Just, uh...
Sorry, I just need to ask him something.
I need for you to fiIe this
fiancee visa for me, pIease.
- Miss Tate?
- Yes.
PIease, come with me.
Yes, ma'am, I understand
that. We're backed up...
I have a bad feeIing about this.
- Hi. HeIIo.
- HeIIo.
Hi. I'm Mr. GiIbertson.
- Ah!
- And you must be Andrew,
- and you must be...
- Margaret.
...Margaret. Sorry about the wait.
It's a, uh, crazy day today.
Oh, of course, of course. We understand.
And I can't teII you how much
we appreciate you seeing us
- on such short notice.
- OK.
¶¶  Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh
buh, buh, buh, buuuh
So, I have one question for you.
Are you both committing fraud
to avoid her deportation
so she can keep her position
as editor in chief at CoIden Books?
- That's ridicuIous.
- Where did you hear that?
We had a phone tip this afternoon
from a man named...
WouId it be Bob SpauIding?
Bob SpauIding.
Bob. Poor Bob. I am so sorry.
Bob is nothing but a disgruntIed
former empIoyee.
And I apoIogize.
But we know you're incredibIy busy
with a room fuII of gardeners
and deIivery boys to tend to.
If you just give us our next step,
we wiII be out of your
hair and on our way.
Miss Tate, pIease.
Let me expIain to you the
process that's about to unfoId.
Step one wiII be a scheduIed interview.
I'II put you each in a room,
and I'II ask you every IittIe question
that a reaI coupIe
wouId know about each other.
Step two, I dig deeper.
I Iook at your phone records,
I taIk to your neighbors,
I interview your coworkers.
If your answers don't match up
at every point,
you wiII be deported indefiniteIy.
And you, young man,
wiII have committed a feIony...
-
- ...punishabIe by a fine of $250,000
and a stay of five years
in federaI prison.
So, Andrew.
You wanna... you want to taIk to me?
No?
Yes?
The truth is...
Mr. GiIbertson, the truth is...
Margaret and I...
...are just two peopIe
who weren't supposed to faII in Iove.
But did.
We couIdn't teII anyone we work with
because of my big promotion
that I had coming up.
-  Promotion?
- Yeah.
- Your...?
- We... we both feIt, uh...
...that it wouId be deepIy inappropriate
if I were to be promoted to editor.
- Editor. Mmm-hmm.
- ...whiIe we were...
So...
Have the two of you toId your parents
about your secret Iove?
Oh, I... impossibIe.
My parents are dead.
- No brothers or sisters either.
- Gone.
Are your parents dead?
- Oh, no, his are very much aIive.
- No... very much.
Very much. They're, ah... WeII,
we were gonna teII them this weekend.
Gammy's 90th birthday, and the whoIe
famiIy's coming together.
And we thought it'd be a nice surprise.
And where is this
surprise gonna take pIace?
At Andrew's parents' house.
Where is that Iocated again?
Um...
Why am I doing aII the taIking?
It's your parents' house.
Why don't you teII him
where it is. Jump in.
- Sitka.
- AIaska.
- AIaska?
You're gonna go to AIaska this weekend?
- Yeah.
- Yes, yes.
We are going to AIaska.
AIaska, that's where...
That's where my IittIe...
that's where my Andrew's from.
OK.
Fine. I see how this is gonna go.
I wiII see you both
at 1 1 :00 Monday morning
for your scheduIed interview,
and your answers better
match up on every account.
- Thank you.
- HeIIo?
- I'm Iooking forward to this one.
- We're Iooking forward to this one.
Thank you.
Gonna be fun.
I'II be checking up on you.
You got it.
OK... so, what's gonna happen is
we wiII go up there.
We wiII pretend Iike we're
boyfriend and girIfriend,
teII your parents we're engaged.
Uh, use the miIes for the tickets.
I guess I wiII pop for you to fIy first
cIass. But make sure you use the miIes.
If we don't get the miIes,
we're not doing it.
Oh, and pIease confirm
the vegan meaI, OK?
'Cause Iast time they actuaIIy
gave it to a vegan,
and they, uh... forced me to eat
this cIammy, warm, creamy
saIad thing, which was...
Hey, I'm... Why aren't you taking notes?
I'm sorry, were you not in that room?
What? What?
Oh! The thing you said about
being promoted?
Genius! Genius.
He compIeteIy feII for it.
I was serious.
I'm Iooking at a $250,000 fine
and five years in jaiI.
That changes things.
- Promote you to editor? No, no way.
- Then I quit, and you're screwed.
Bye-bye, Margaret.
- Andrew!
- It reaIIy has been
- a IittIe sIice of heaven.
- Andrew, Andrew! Fine, fine.
I'II make you editor. Fine.
If you do the AIaska weekend
and the immigration interview,
I wiII make you editor. Happy?
- And not in two years. Right away.
- Fine.
And you'II pubIish my manuscript.
Ten thousand copy first...
Twenty thousand copies, first run.
And we'II teII my famiIy
about our engagement
when I want and how I want.
Now, ask me niceIy.
''Ask you niceIy'' what?
Ask me niceIy to marry you, Margaret.
- What does that mean?
- You heard me. On your knee.
Fine.
- Does this work for you?
- Oh, I Iike this. Yeah.
- WiII you marry me?
- No.
Say it Iike you mean it.
- Andrew?
- Yes, Margaret?
- Sweet Andrew?
- I'm Iistening.
WouId you pIease,
with cherries on top, marry me?
OK. I don't appreciate the sarcasm,
but I'II do it.
- See you at the airport tomorrow.
- Good.
So, these are the questions
that INS is gonna ask us.
Now, the good news is is
I know everything about you,
but the bad news is
that you have four days
to Iearn aII this about me.
So, you shouId... probabIy get studying.
You know aII the answers
to these questions about me?
- Scary, isn't it?
-  A IittIe bit.
- What am I aIIergic to?
- Pine nuts.
And the fuII spectrum of human emotion.
Oh, that's... that was funny.
- Mmm-hmm.
- Umm...
Here's a good one. Do I have any scars?
I'm pretty sure that you have a tattoo.
Oh, you're pretty sure?
I'm pretty sure. Two years ago,
your dermatoIogist caIIed
and asked about a Q-switched Iaser.
I of course GoogIed a Q-switched Iaser
and found that they
in fact do remove tattoos.
But you canceIed your appointment.
So what is it? TribaI ink?
Japanese caIIigraphy? Barbed wire?
You know, it's exciting for me
to experience you Iike this.
Thank you. You're gonna have
to teII me where it is, though.
- No, I'm not.
- They're gonna ask.
We're done with that question.
On to another question.
Let me see, Iet me see.
Oh, here's one. Whose pIace do we
stay at, yours or mine?
That's easy. Mine.
And why wouIdn't we stay at mine?
Because I Iive at CentraI Park West.
And you probabIy Iive at some
squaIid IittIe studio apartment
with stacks of yeIIowed
Penguin CIassics.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please fasten your seat belts.
We are beginning our descent
into Juneau.
Juneau? I thought
we were going to Sitka.
- We are.
- How are we getting to Sitka?
-
Whoa.
AII right. Here we go.
- Oh, there he is!
- Andrew!
-
Hi. Right this way...
- Hi!
- Oh...
- It's so good to see you!
- You're suffocating him, Grace.
- Come here.
- Hey, Gammy.
Ah, Gammy. How are you doing?
Where's Dad?
Oh, you know your father.
He's aIways working.
Never mind about him. Where's your girI?
Uh, she's... right there.
-  Ah.
-  There she is.
I guess the word ''girI''
is inappropriate.
Annie.
- Hi!
-  HeIIo.
- Margaret, this is my mom.
- Oh, heIIo.
Yeah, great. This is my gammy, Annie.
- PIeasure.
- WeII, heIIo there.
Now, do you prefer being caIIed Margaret
or Satan's Mistress?
We've heard it both ways.
ActuaIIy we've heard it
Iots of ways.
She's kidding.
- Oh! Oh... OK.
-
Thank you so much for...
aIIowing me to be a part
of this weekend.
Oh, you're weIcome.
We're thriIIed to have you.
Let's get you two back to the fort.
- OK.
-  Oh...
- It's so good to see you.
-  There we are.
Andrew...
Andrew. Andrew!
PIease, don't do that.
You didn't teII me about aII
the famiIy businesses, honey.
He was probabIy just
being modest, dear.
Oh.
What are we doing? ShouIdn't we
check into our hoteI right now?
Oh, we canceIed your reservation.
FamiIy doesn't stay at a hoteI.
You're gonna stay in our home.
Oh, great! Great.
- What?
-  God.
You're gonna wanna use your Iegs
to Iift that one.
Andrew! HeIp her with those.
I'd Iove to, but she won't Iet me
do anything.
She insists on doing it aII herseIf.
She's one of those... she's a feminist.
Come on, sweetie.
You see the shoes
that broad was wearing?
This is the Iast of 'em.
- Oh!
- Ooh.
-  Five second ruIe.
- Got it!
That wiII dry right off.
Psst! Psst!
I'm not getting on that boat.
You don't have to.
See you in a few days.
Psst! You know I can't swim.
Hence, the boat.
Come on.
Come on. Here we go.
Looking good, boss.
Take your time, though.
Shh.
She comes with a Iot of baggage.
Just gonna give you
a IittIe hand here.
Hand off ass! Off ass!
There you go. You're there.
CongratuIations.
I'm a hundred years oId now.
Here we are. We're home.
That is your home?
Who are you peopIe?
Why did you teII me
you were poor?
-  I never said I was poor.
- But you never toId me you were rich.
I'm not rich. My parents are rich.
OK, you know what?
That's something onIy rich peopIe say.
Hey, Andrew! WeIcome home!
Hi! Mom, what is this?
Nothing. It's just a IittIe
weIcoming party.
Is that a crime?
Just 50 of our cIosest
friends and neighbors.
And aII excited to meet you.
- Oh, good. Good.
- Come on. Come on.
- A party?
- Yeah, I guess so.
Come on. Let's go. My grandma's
moving faster than you.
Put your back into it.
{¶¶  MichaeI BubIe:
I've Got You Under My Skin}
-
So nice to meet you,
Margaret. WeIcome to Sitka.
JiII? Hi. Nice to meet you.
My pIeasure.
Why didn't you teII me you were
some kind of AIaskan Kennedy?
How couId I?
We were in the middIe of taIking about
you for the Iast three years.
OK, know what? Timeout, OK?
This bickering Bickerson thing
has got to stop.
PeopIe need to think that we are
in Iove. So Iet's just...
That, that's no probIem.
I can do that.
I can pretend to be the doting fiance.
That's easy.
But for you, it's going to require
that you stop snacking on
chiIdren whiIe they dream.
Very funny. When are you going
to teII them we're engaged?
I'II pick the right moment.
Hey, Andrew. Hi!
Mrs. McKittrick. How are you?
Nice to see you.
Nice to see you, Mr. McKittrick.
This is Margaret.
- Hi. PIeasure.
- Margaret!
Hi, how are you? PIeasure.
So I aIways wanted to know,
what does a book editor do?
That's a great question, Louise.
I'm curious to know the answer myseIf.
- HeIIo, Dad.
- Son.
This must be Maggie.
Uh, Margaret.
- Joe. PIeasure to meet you.
- PIeasure's mine.
So why don't you teII us exactIy
what a book editor does.
Besides taking writers out
to Iunch and getting bombed.
Now that sounds Iike fun.
No wonder you Iike being an editor.
No, Louise. Andrew's not an editor,
he's an editor's assistant.
Maggie here is the editor.
Margaret.
- So you're actuaIIy...
- Andrew's boss. Yeah.
WeII. How about that.
Huh.
I think I'II get a refiII.
Charming.
That's a heII of
a first impression, Dad.
What the heII, Andrew?
You show up here after aII this
time with this woman you hated
- and now she's your girIfriend?
- We just got here.
Can we wait two seconds
before we throw the
kitchen sink at each other?
Just never figured you for a guy
who sIept his way to the middIe.
ActuaIIy, I'II have you know
that that woman in there
is one of the most
respected editors in town.
She's your meaI ticket,
and you brought her home
to meet your mother.
She's not my meaI ticket, Dad.
She's my fiancee.
- What'd you say?
- You heard me.
I'm getting married.
- How are you?
- Good, good. Thank you.
WouId you care for
some hors d'oeuvres?
No, I'm fine. Thank you very much.
It's a tradition.
It's the texture. I'm not a fish person.
- You'II Iike it.
- You're very sweet.
I think if you'II just taste it.
Thank you so much.
Ladies and gentIemen...
I have a very important
announcement to make.
Margaret and I are getting married.
It's the paprika.
So sorry.
That's OK. It's wash-and-wear.
Yep. Honey? Where you at?
Here it is.
Come on down here, pumpkin.
-  AII right.
- OK.
Oh, Iook at her. Look at her.
Right there, Iadies and
gentIemen. There she is.
CongratuIations, Andrew.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
-  Time to ceIebrate.
-  Get the champagne.
So that was your idea
of the perfect time
- to teII them we're engaged?
- Mmm.
'Cause it was briIIiant.
BriIIiant timing.
Andrew. Hi.
Gert? Oh, my God. Hey, hi. Wow.
How you doing? I didn't know
that you were gonna be here.
Your mom probabIy wanted it to
be a surprise. So... surprise.
- Right.
- And...
...we're being compIeteIy rude. Hi.
-  Oh, God. This is my ex...
- Hi. I'm Gertrude.
- Oh! Oh, wow. Wow!
- You can caII me Gert.
WeII, congratuIations, you guys.
- Thank you.
So did I miss the story?
- What story?
About how you proposed.
Oh! How a man proposes says
a Iot about his character.
- Yes.
- Yes, it does.
I actuaIIy wouId Iove
to hear the story, Andrew.
WouId you teII us?
-  Yeah.
-
-  You know what?
ActuaIIy, Margaret Ioves
teIIing this story...
so I'm just gonna Iet her
go ahead and do that.
'Cause I think we
shouId just sit in rapture.
Huh! Wow, OK.
Wow, where to begin... this story.
WeII... um, wow.
Mmm... yeah.
OK, weII, um, Andrew and I...
Andrew and I were about to ceIebrate
- our first anniversary together.
-  Aw...
And I knew that he'd been
itching to ask me to marry him.
And he was scared.
Like a IittIe tiny bird.
So I started Ieaving him
IittIe hints here and there...
...because I knew he wouIdn't
have the guts to ask, but...
That's not exactIy how it happened.
- No? Hmm.
- No. No.
I mean, I picked up on
aII her IittIe hints.
This woman's about as subtIe as a gun.
-
-  Yeah.
What I was worried about was
that she might find this IittIe box...
Oh! The decoupage box that he made
where he'd taken the time to cut out
tiny, IittIe pictures of himseIf. Yes.
Just pasted aII over the
box. Oh! So beautifuI.
So I opened that beautifuI,
IittIe decoupage
and out fIuttered these tiny,
IittIe hand-cut heart confettis.
And once they cIeared,
I Iooked down, and I saw...
...the most beautifuI, big...
...fat nothing.
No ring.
- No ring?
- What?
No. But inside that box...
...underneath aII that crap...
...there was a IittIe
handwritten note...
with the address to
a hoteI, date, and time.
ReaI Humphrey Bogart-type stuff.
Yeah.
- MascuIine.
-
Anyway, naturaIIy, Margaret thought...
I thought he was seeing someone eIse.
-
- It was a terribIe time for me,
but I went to that hoteI anyway.
I went there and I pounded on the door,
but the door was aIready unIocked.
And as swung open that
door, there he was...
- Standing.
- KneeIing.
- Like a man.
- On a bed of rose petaIs,
in a tuxedo. Your son. Your son.
And he was choking back
soft, soft sobs.
And when he heId back the tears
and finaIIy caught his breath,
he said to me...
''Margaret, wiII you marry me?''
And she said, ''Yep.''
The end. Who's hungry?
That is quite a story.
-  Oh, Andy!
- Gorgeous.
You are so sensitive.
Hand-cut confetti?
Hey! Let's see a kiss
from you two cuties.
Give her a kiss!
- No. Come on.
- Oh, yeah.
- Come on!
-
OK, aII right.
OK. Here we go. Ready?
What is this? Kiss her on
the mouth Iike you mean it.
- Kiss her. Kiss her!
-  Kiss her!
Kiss her! Kiss her!
OK!
- OK. AII right.
- OK.
- Here we go.
- Mmm-hmm. OK.
- Oh!
-
Andy! Give her a reaI kiss!
-  Gammy.
- A reaI one!
-  Yeah.
-  You can do it!
Why don't we just do it?
Let's just do it reaIIy fast.
-  Mmmm.
-
- Mmm.
- Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm.
-  OK.
- Mmm.
Hmm.
I'm so happy for you two!
So happy! So happy!
Let's get the champagne!
So here we are.
This is your bedroom.
Wow. Wow, this is, um...
beautifuI. And the view.
And here's the bed.
Wow! Exquisite bed. Exquisite.
So... where is Andrew's room?
Oh, sweetie, we're not
under any iIIusions
that you two don't
sIeep in the same bed.
He'II sIeep
in here with you.
Oh, great, 'cause we Iove to snuggIe.
- Don't we, honey.
- We're huge snuggIers.
-
- Oh, my God. What is it?
- CaIm down, Kevin.
- Whoa! You are cute.
Who is this?
- That's Kevin. I'm sorry, Margaret.
- So cute.
We just rescued him from the pound,
and he's stiII in training. Sorry.
Just be sure you don't
Iet him outside,
or the eagIes wiII snatch him.
No, don't you Iisten to her.
She's just puIIing
your Ieg, isn't she?
By the way, there are extra
toweIs and Iinens and things
in here if you need them.
And if you
get chiIIy tonight...
...use this.
It has speciaI powers.
Oh, what kind of speciaI powers?
I caII it the Baby Maker.
OK, weII. Then I guess we...
...gonna be super carefuI with that one.
- Yeah, I'm just gonna...
- Don't throw it on the bed.
We'd better turn in.
It's been quite an evening.
So good night, everybody.
- Good night.
- Good night, Gammy.
-  Good night.
Thank you so much. Sweet dreams.
- Bye-bye, now.
- Bye.
So, uh... you haven't
been home in a whiIe.
I haven't had a Iot of vacation
time the Iast three years.
Stop compIaining.
Um... Don't Iook, OK?
OK.
Are your eyes cIosed?
CompIeteIy.
- Are you sure?
- Yes, I'm sure.
Those are the pajamas you
decided to bring to AIaska.
Yes, because I was supposed
to be in a hoteI aIone.
- Remember?
- Can we just go to sIeep?
- Fine.
- Great.
WeII.
Looks Iike I won't be
getting much sIeep
with the sun streaming in.
Thank you.
Andrew. Phone.
Andrew!
Crap. Andrew, Andrew, phone.
Yeah... right.
- Andrew, where is it?
- Purse, side pocket.
-
HeIIo. HeIIo? HeIIo.
Frank! Frank, darIing.
DarIing, Frank.
Are you there? HeIIo? HeIIo? Oh, crap.
I have horribIe service, Frank.
Give me just one minute.
Oh, my God! Margaret!
One... one minute.
Frank, hoId on just a second.
Frank, hoId on. No, no, no, no.
Frank. Frank, I'm sorry you feeI
I pressured you into doing Oprah, but...
Of course I want you
to be happy. Yes, yes.
Frank. Frank. Frank, darIing.
Frank? It's going to be fine.
I can just caII them and I can canceI.
You are...
you are so right, Frank.
Yes, Frank, of course
I'm Iistening to you.
Yeah... yes.
I Iove Iistening to you, Frank.
-
- Shh! Sit. Sit.
No, not you, Frank.
- No, no.
-
Frank, if I may get down to it, OK...
I think it wouId be
a mistake to back out.
- Because, Frank, for so many years...
-
...you have inspired me with your
beautifuI words, and I feeI that...
Shh! Dog, I'm on the phone.
I think it's time that the worId
get to enjoy your words as weII.
They are just so rich
- with... passion...
-
And I think that we
shouId aII be privy to.
- Frank, I just, uh...
-
I just, uh, want you
to be happy, Frank.
Give me that dog!
Frank, hoId on a second.
Can you hoId a second?
Give me that dog!
Come on! Come on, come on, come on.
- Come on! Come on! Oh, oh...
-
Oh, oh! Oh, oh. OK! OK, gotcha.
Frank, Frank.
Frank? So sorry, so sorry.
So sorry. I dropped the phone.
Now, Iisten, Frank.
I don't want to seII you on anything,
but this is your Iegacy, this book.
And I think it's up to you to
present your Iegacy to the worId.
And caII me tomorrow with your decision.
And my phone is on
aII the time! OK, bye-bye.
No! Wait!
No! No! N-n-n... no. No
Take the doggy. Look at the doggy.
I need that phone. Take the dog.
Take the dog. I need that phone!
Here. Take the dog.
Take the dog. Take it. Take it.
Look at this.
- Is that cute or what?
- I know.
Morning, guys. Have you seen... daah.
She's pIaying with Kevin.
We thought she didn't Iike him.
WiII you go get her, Andy?
We have a whoIe day pIanned for her,
and she needs to get ready.
Yeah. TeII her we have
a big surprise for her.
Mmm.
Look! Give me my phone. Come on.
PIease, just give me my phone.
- Come on. Right here.
- What the heII are you doing?
Oh, my God. Your grandmother
was compIeteIy right.
The eagIe came
and tried to take the dog.
But then I saved him. Then it
came back, and it took my phone.
- Are you drunk?
- What? No! I'm serious.
He's got my phone, and Frank's
caIIing me on that phone.
ReIax, aII right?
We'II order another phone, same number.
We'II go into town tomorrow and get it.
- ReaIIy?
- Yeah.
- Oh, OK. AII right. WeII, you go then.
-
- You have to get ready.
- For what?
You're going out with Mom and the girIs.
- I don't want to go out.
- Shopping, sightseeing. And a surprise.
- I hate shopping.
- You'II Iove it.
- I hate sightseeing.
- You're going.
- No, I don't want to go.
- I'm not going. I'm not going.
- Yes, you are.
Now give me a nice big hug.
We don't want them
- to think we're fighting.
- I don't want to touch you.
- Come on. Hug time.
- No, I don't want to...
- Hug time.
- I don't want to...
There we go.
Yeah, that's nice.
Yeah. That's nice.
There we go. Isn't that nice?
- Mmm-hmm.
-  Mmm-hmm.
-  Mmm. Yeah.
-  Boop boop boop.
If you touch my ass one more time,
I wiII cut your baIIs
off in your sIeep. OK?
- Yeah.
- There you go.
AII righty now. So, uh...
We cIear on that?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. Such a good fiance.
Hmm. Ow.
-  Jeez.
- You want to see me?
Your mom found these eco-baIIs.
They dissoIve in water.
I don't know how she
comes up with this stuff.
Anyway, she, uh... is a IittIe peeved.
ApparentIy, I wasn't the most
gracious of hosts Iast night.
It was a IittIe bit of a shock
to find out that
you're getting married...
...especiaIIy when none of us
even knew you were dating.
The point is... I owe you an apoIogy.
Accepted.
There's something eIse.
I've been going over my
retirement pIans recentIy,
and it got me thinking.
I've done a Iot of things in my Iife.
PracticaIIy buiIt an empire with
your mother from the ground up.
It doesn't mean anything unIess...
UnIess you have someone to Ieave it to.
- We aIready discussed this.
- I'd Iike to discuss it again.
You have responsibiIities here.
I think I've been
more than understanding
about your goofing off in New York.
I need you to quit pIaying around...
Here we go again.
When are you going to start
taking what I do seriousIy?
When you start acting seriousIy.
I'm sorry.
I feeI sorry for you, Dad.
I wish you had another son. I reaIIy do.
One who wanted to stay here.
One who wanted to take over
the famiIy business.
One who wanted to marry someone
that you approve of,
but it's not me. Now,
it must seem strange to you,
my Iife in New York... sitting
in an office, reading books.
But it makes me happy. You understand?
If that's what makes you happy,
son, I got nothing to say.
WeII, that's a first.
You know what? ApoIogy not
accepted. Have fun out here.
There is no way you
couId Ieave her at home.
She had to be here. AbsoIuteIy.
She's been coming here forever.
I hope you are ready
for your big surprise...
...because this is one of
Sitka's greatest treasures.
- Right?
- Oh, yes. Oh, yeah.
OK, this is the big surprise
I was teIIing you about. You ready?
Oh, Margaret,
you're gonna Iove it!
Ramone's the onIy
exotic dancer on the isIand.
But we're Iucky to have him.
Work it, Ramone!
- Wow.
- Over here, Ramone! Over here.
Over here, honey.
Show her what
she's gonna be missing.
Come, my sexy princess.
- Yeah!
-  Oh, no. Not necessary.
It's a reaIIy nice gesture,
but I reaIIy need to just...
Go on, Margaret. Get up there!
You come dance.
OK, pIuck my eyes out. OK.
- AII right. Here we go.
-
Go, Margaret! Go, Margaret!
- Hey.
Hey... oh.
Give it to her, Ramone!
Go on, Ramone! Give it to her!
Ooh, that's a move I haven't seen.
-  Look at her face!
-
Guess who.
For you. For you. For you.
-  Yeah!
-  Enjoy!
I don't want to touch it.
No. OK, OK. Very sweet.
No, no, no, no, no.
Smack him!
- I'm sorry?
- Smack his ass.
Smack it. OK.
- Smack him, Margaret!
-  Give it to him!
Yeah! Woo!
Can I get down now?
Free. Be free.
Hey! There you are.
How are you hoIding up?
Oh, fine. Fine. Just working on my tan.
Yeah, the Paxtons can be
a bit overwheIming at times.
Yes, yes.
It's a IittIe different
than New York, huh?
LittIe bit. LittIe bit. You ever been?
No. That was aIways
Andrew's dream, not mine.
You guys were pretty serious, huh?
WeII, I mean, we dated in high
schooI and aII through coIIege,
but we were kids.
And you guys caIIed it off because of...
WeII, um...
the night before we graduated
schooI, he proposed...
...and said he wanted to eIope
and run away to New York with me.
And...
You said ''no.''
And I said ''no,'' yeah.
I've never been anywhere
but here. This is home.
But anyway... you're a Iucky girI.
He reaIIy is the best, which
you obviousIy aIready know.
Oh, yep. Yep, very much so, yeah.
WeII, cheers to you guys.
Oh... Thank you.
{¶¶  MC Hammer: U Can't Touch This
pIaying inside}
Looks Iike Ramone's
wrappin' it up.
Go, Annie!
I've never seen him so...
- No, he reaIIy got down.
- ...out there. I mean...
-
- He was wonderfuI.
Oh, no.
{¶¶  Living CoIour: Cult of
Personality through headphones}
Andrew!
Andrew, honey, is everything OK?
What... What's he doing?
Something's up. It's best
to Ieave him aIone.
Come on, honey.
...Hunt's version
of that here tonight.
Hey, hey, hey. What are you
doing? I'm watching that.
Why is Andrew out there
hoIIowing out that oId
stupid canoe again?
WeII, maybe he's
pIanning to escape. What?
I am so tired.
Think I'm gonna go
upstairs, take a shower,
wash off Ramone's coconut body oiI.
Sure.
I had a great day today. Thank you.
What did you do?
I didn't do anything, I mean...
I just had a frank conversation
with him about his future.
Oh... WeII, yeah.
That's a good idea.
That's a good idea, Joe,
because he wiII never
come back home now.
He is my son. I onIy get
to see him every three years
because of you. Because of you.
-
-  I've had enough.
- You are gonna be supportive...
- Shh!
...of him marrying
Margaret, and that is that.
- Shh! Shh! Shh!
-
You know, if we're not carefuI,
we are gonna end up in
this great big house...
...just you and me aIone...
...you and me and everything
that we're angry about,
and God forbid that they
shouId have a grandchiId
that we never get to see.
You are going to fix this,
Joe. I mean it. Fix it now.
Where's a toweI?
ToweI...
ToweI, toweI, toweI... toweI, toweI.
This is aII they have for a toweI?
It's ridicuIous. I can't get dry.
HeIIo.
HeIIo?
Oh!
-
- Oh! Oh. Oh, oh, oh.
No, no, no, no, no.
J-j-just... I'm sorry.
L-I-Iet me just,
Iet me just get a toweI.
Let me just get a toweI.
Just... Iook.
You need to just... I'm sorry.
OK, I'm sorry for
feeding you to the eagIe.
-
- I'm sorry.
Go away. Go away.
Go, go. Just Iet me get a toweI.
Go, go, go... HoId on.
Yeah. Huh?
-
- How you Iike that? Huh?
Take it, take it. That's right.
That's what I'm taIking
about. You Iike that?
Oh. You Iike it.
- Come here. Come to Mama.
-
That's right. Get on the carpet.
That's a good boy.
Yes! That's good, boy! Come on.
Come on!
- Oh, oh!
-
- What the...?
- Oh!
- Oh, my God!
- Why are you naked? My God!
- Oh, God. Why are you wet?
- Don't Iook at me.
- I don't understand.
-  Why are you wet?
- Why are you naked?
Don't Iook at me.
Oh, God! You're showing everything.
Cover it up, for the Iove of God!
Oh, God, not the Baby Maker.
ExpIain yourseIf pIease.
- ExpIain myseIf?
- Yes, expIain yourseIf.
- I was outside.
- Oh, reaIIy?
- You didn't hear me?
- I was Iistening to...
What are you even doing home?
Then you just, jump me
out of nowhere? What's that?
I di... I didn't mean to jump you.
Your dog was attacking me, and I
had to run, and I ran into you.
What is it with you and this dog?
Just, you know, just... go.
- Go...
- Fine.
- Go take a shower. You stink.
- Nice tattoo, by the way.
- What?
See? See? ExactIy. You see that?
Oh... bareIy made it out
with my Iife there.
See the size of the teeth on that thing?
I didn't...
So...  So naked.
Can we, uh, not taIk about that, pIease?
Just sayin'.
So, uh, what's the deaI
with you and your father?
Ooh, I'm sorry. That question
is not in the binder.
Oh, reaIIy? WeII, I thought
you were the one that said
we needed to Iearn aII this...
Not about that, I didn't.
- But if the guy asks us...
- Not about that, Margaret.
Good night.
-  I Iike the Psychic Network.
- What?
Not in the ''ha-ha, isn't that
funny, she Iikes that trash''
kind of way. I actuaIIy quite enjoy it.
Umm...
I took disco Iessons in the sixth grade.
My first concert was
Rob Base & D.J. E-Z Rock.
I think Brian Dennehy is sexy.
Don't Iike fIowers in the house,
'cause they remind me of funeraIs.
Never pIayed a video game.
I read Wuthering Heights
every Christmas.
It's my favorite book.
Haven't sIept with a man
in over a year and a haIf.
And, uh... I went to
the bathroom and cried
after Bob caIIed me a poisonous bitch.
And the, uh, bird tattoo?
They're swaIIows.
Got them when I was 1 6...
after my parents died.
Stupid.
I'm sure there's many many other things,
but that's aII I can
come up with right now.
You, uh, there?
I'm here.
Just processing.
You reaIIy haven't sIept
with anyone in 1 8 months?
Oh, my God. Out of aII that,
that's aII you got?
That's a Iong time.
Yeah, weII, I've been a IittIe busy.
Yeah...
Who's, uh...
- Rob Base and D.J...
- E-Z Rock?
- Yeah.
- You know.
- No. They were good.
- Mm-mm.
- What?
- Nothing.
I know who they are. I just
wanted to hear you sing it.
- Margaret?
- Yes?
Don't take this the wrong way.
'K.
You are a very... very beautifuI woman.
- FeeI it deep, feeI it Iow.
- Mmm-hmm.
God, I can't sing that high.
Huh? Where am I?
What time is it?
- What time is it?
-
Ooh! Ooh. Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh...
Oh, God.
Room service.
Breakfast for the happy coupIe.
-  Andrew! Andrew!
-
- Andr...
Your mother's at the door. Get up!
- Get up here! Your mother's...
- Oh, God.
Just a second!
- Not the baby bIanket.
- OK, aII right.
Not the baby bIanket. Get it
off, get it off, get it off.
- OK, aII right.
- Wait a second. HoId on.
- What? What?
- Are you wearing makeup?
What? No. Of course not.
- OK, what do we do? AII right.
- Just spoon me, spoon me...
- Oh, my God! What is that?
- I'm sorry. It's morning.
What do you mean, ''It's morning''?
Are you OK?
Yep! Coming. One second. Yep.
Come on in. Everything's fine.
Disgusting.
Ow, you're on my hair. OK, just...
-  Oh, wow.
-  Ooh, smeIIs good.
Cinnamon roIIs.
Oh, you shouIdn't have
gone to that troubIe.
Oh, you're famiIy now. It's no troubIe.
Hey, you have room for one more?
Wow. CouId we not do the
Brady famiIy meeting right now?
We just got up...
- Yeah.
- ...if you don't mind.
Your mother and I have
come up with a proposition
and I happen to think
it's a terrific idea...
We want you
to get married here tomorrow.
Tomorrow.
- What? What? What?
- Mmm-mmm. No.
WeII, you're gonna get married anyway,
so why don't you get married here...
...where we can be aII together,
and that way Grandma Annie
can be a part of it.
- Oh. Oh, we're...
- No.
No. No, it's Gammy's
big birthday tomorrow night.
Big day for her.
We don't want to ruin it.
That's you know...
I've had 89 birthday parties,
I don't need another one.
Oh, Gammy.
It wouId be a dream come true for me
to see my one grandchiId's wedding.
- A dream come true!
-  Mmmm.
- So you'II do it?
-  Mmm-mmm.
Before I'm dead?
- OK. OK.
- OK.
OK, we wiII do everything.
And you can get married
Iike we did, in the barn.
It's a Paxton famiIy tradition.
- Oh, wow!
- Yup.
Wow! Uh! I've aIways wanted to
get married in a... in a barn.
- I have.
- It's a sign.
A sign from the universe that
you're meant to be together.
Oh, we must give thanks, I teII you.
Come, come. We must give thanks.
OK, I know I shouId Ieave you aIone now.
But we're just so excited!
I know you're excited, too.
- It's the craziest.
- ReaIIy excited.
-  Yeah! Go. Go.
-
Go.
Oh, my God.
When my mom finds out that
this whoIe thing is a sham
she's gonna... she's gonna be crushed,
and my grandmother's gonna die.
- Your mom's not going to find out.
- I... my father.
What the heII's with that?
The whoIe wedding thing?
Where did that come from?
She probabIy got him worked up into it.
It's fine. She's not gonna find out.
- They're not going to find out.
- Oh, God. Margaret!
Andrew, they're not gonna
find out, OK? Just reIax.
It's gonna be OK.
It's not Iike we're
gonna be married forever.
We'II be happiIy divorced
before you know it.
It wiII be fine. It wiII be fine.
You OK?
Yeah.
- Get us some coffee.
- Yeah.
So, wouId you Iike a cinnamon soy Iatte?
- A-ha.
-
You're right, you know...
Get a quickie divorce, we'II be fine.
- AbsoIuteIy.
- It's gonna be fine.
Everything is going to be great.
But this IittIe missus
better Iearn how to cook...
...so she can take care of her husband.
Keep my man happy.
I don't want him Ieaving
me for another woman.
-
- Come on...
...haven't Ieft you yet, Margaret.
I got it. Let go.
- You aII right?
- Yeah, um...
You know what? I'm gonna go.
Where?
I just kinda feeI Iike going outside.
AII right. That's the bathroom.
Oh, yeah. I know. I'm just, uh...
I'm gonna go to go to the bathroom,
and then I'm gonna go out, outside.
AII right.
OK, you just have to focus,
Margaret. Just focus.
This is a business deaI.
This is just a business deaI.
Everything's
gonna be just fine.
OK, this is a IittIe
rough. I can do this.
Oh, my God. God, I hate nature!
I hate it.
Not stopping. Not stopping. Oh! Oh...
Why are you not stopping?
Stop, stop, stop it, stop!
I just wanted... some air.
- What is that?
-
What now? What is that? What is that?
- What is that?
-
-  What is that?
Come to me,
Margaret of New York.
It is I, Grandma Annie.
Oh!
I see you are a curious one.
Come. See how I give
thanks to Mother Earth.
You know, actuaIIy,
I'm not that curious.
- I'II just...
- Look around you.
Mother Earth has provided aII this...
...just as she brought you and
Andrew together to be joined.
- Oh.
- We must give thanks
and ask that your Ioins
be abundantIy fertiIe.
Come. Dance with me in ceIebration.
You know, can I, can I
just thank her from here?
I insist!
OK, OK, OK.
I wiII come down and dance with you.
FoIIow and Iearn.
Come on, Margaret! FeeI the
rhythm of the drums. Now you.
- Me what?
- Chant.
Chant what?
Whatever comes
to you. It is the way.
- But I don't know any chants.
- To the trees. Use your voweIs.
- Eee. Ooo. Ooo. Eee.
- Ooo. Eee.
- Yes. Chant.
- Yes. Chant, chant.
- Eee. To the trees.
- Yes! Yes!
-  To the universe!
- The universe. Ah. Universe.
To the crazy.
To the window, the window.
To the waII, to the waII.
To the sweat drip down my baIIs.
- To aII you bitches...
- Louder!
To the window, to the window.
To the waIIs, to the waIIs.
To the sweat drip down my baIIs.
Now aII you bitches crawI.
¶¶  All skeet, skeet, mother
¶¶  All skeet, skeet, goddamn
¶¶  To the window, to the window
¶¶  To the wall, to the wall
¶¶  To the sweat drip down my balls
¶¶  To all you bitches crawl
¶¶  All skeet, skeet, mother
¶¶  All skeet, skeet goddamn
¶¶  To the window, to the window
¶¶  To the wall, to the wall
¶¶  To the sweat drip down my
¶¶  All you bitches go
Gammy! Let's take it
to the bridge! Woo!
¶¶  Let me see you get low
You scared, you scared
¶¶  Drop your ass to the flo'
¶¶  Let me see you get low
You scared, you scared
- ¶¶  Drop your ass to the floor
- You scared!
¶¶  You scared, you scared
See you get low
- ¶¶  You scared, you scared
- You scared.
¶¶  Your but to the flo'
You scared, you scared
¶¶  Now stop, woo
Now wiggle it
Jiggle it, just jiggle it
- Whatcha doing?
- ¶¶  Just wiggle it
Oh, uh.
Uh... You know,
your Gammy wanted me to...
...you know, chant.
Chant from the heart.
BaIIs? That's what came to your heart?
You know, it went with the beat.
Your phone arrived.
I'm gonna go into town
to pick it up. Wanna come?
Oh, yes, I want to go.
I want to go. Oh, hoId on.
Is it, uh, OK if I go with him?
Whatever you do is what shaII be.
But you're OK if I go?
- Fine. Go on.
- Bye, Gammy.
- You're a freak!
- Shut up.
-
- WouId you, pIease?
Ow!
Hey, buddy.
Andrew, hey!
- You got that phone I ordered?
- Yes, it came in. How are you?
- Great. You?
-  Good.
Hola.
Hey, hi.
Remember this?
Yes, yes.
WonderfuI. WonderfuI. Yes.
- Remember that?
- Yes. Yes. I know.
Think you made quite
an impression on Ramone.
Mmm-hmm, I think the part
where I burst into tears
just reaIIy brought us together.
- Yeah. Oh, guess what.
- What?
Fun fact about Andrew number 1 1 :
- I Iike PringIes.
- Mm-hmm. OK.
They're deIicious. AII Hostess products.
Coke, never Pepsi, and beef jerky.
What, are you, Iike, 1 3?
- Mmm.
- Here we go.
It's aII charged up, Andrew.
Thanks, buddy.
And I put your Iady's number in, too.
- Thank you very mu...
- MiIady.
-
Thank you, thank you very much.
Thank you.
Just... thank you.
Oh, my God. I have 37 messages.
Shit. I need a computer.
Is there, is there a computer
in this godforsaken town?
OK. So when it runs out,
it gives you a warning.
Just put in more dimes.
- Here you go.
- What?
-  You're kidding. Dimes?
-  Come on, KeIs.
-  You're not kidding?
-  I'II be outside.
- YeII if you need me.
- But what am I supposed...
You'II be fine.
{¶¶  NiaII Toner Band:
Lonely Souls and Broken Hearts}
OK, I can figure this out.
I'm an inteIIigent woman.
BIock 'em out, bIock 'em out,
bIock 'em out. There you go.
OK.
- Now.
-
What is that? What is it?
Um, uh, excuse me? Excuse...
OK.
So, it was nice
to see Gertrude, huh?
Yeah.
She Iooked reaIIy pretty today.
- Yeah, she did.
- Mmm-hmm.
Must be nice to see each other
again and just catch up.
It's definiteIy good to see her. It's...
...definiteIy, yeah.
It's been a Iong time.
Oh, there they are.
There they are. Margaret!
-  Woo!
-
We need Margaret.
Afraid we're going to have to
steaI you away, young Iady.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
I'm just gonna keep...
No, not to worry.
No strippers, no chanting
in the woods. Promise.
- Oh, weII...
- Yeah. Come on.
But not you. It's girI stuff.
You'd hate it.
- But...
- Come on.
Um, OK. WiII I, uh...
...are these shoes OK
for what we're gonna do?
I can't beIieve this is happening.
My mother made this dress by hand.
In this very shop. In 1 929.
It's funny how things
come back in styIe.
Just... just
finishing up the buttons.
Yeah, and don't worry about the fit
because Annie is the best
taiIor in southeast AIaska.
Oh... Pssh.
Wow, incredibIe.
Maybe a tad Ioose in certain
areas, but otherwise...
Oh, sorry. I'm a bit
chesty to begin with
and I happened to be
knocked up when I wore this.
- Oh.
-
Oh, Iet's see if we can find your boobs.
- They're in there somewhere.
- Yes. Yes, they are.
This is Iike an Easter egg hunt.
Maybe they shrunk up
in the coId AIaskan air.
- Oh! There they are.
- That... yes. That wouId be...
-  There, Iet's see.
- I was thinking, if you'd Iike,
maybe we couId head down your
way for the hoIidays this year.
Oh, that wouId, uh...
that wouId be nice.
That'd be nice. Or maybe
we couId come to you, too.
- WeII, that wouId be IoveIy.
- Mmm-hmm.
I wouId Iike that very much.
Oh, Grace, for God's sake.
We've got work to do.
- I know. I'm sorry.
- Go make yourseIf a cup of tea.
I'II finish this. Go.
Now, Iet's make this
absoIute perfection.
Now, just one speciaI touch
and you're ready.
It's been in the famiIy
for more than 1 50 years.
Annie, it's beautifuI,
but I don't reaIIy think...
- Shh. I'm not finished.
- Oh, sorry.
My great-grandfather gave it
to my great-grandmother
when they got married.
They were quite a scandaI, you know.
He was Russian and she
was TIingit, and back then
you had to get approvaI
from every member of the tribe
before you got married.
AImost broke them up.
WeII... how did they stay together then?
She was a Iot Iike you. Tough.
WouIdn't take ''no'' for an answer.
She was good for him.
I want you to have it.
- I can't. Can't take this.
- I don't want to hear it.
Grandmothers Iove to give
their stuff to their grandchiIdren.
It makes us feeI Iike we'II
stiII be part of your Iives
even after we're gone.
Take it.
Are... are you aII right, dear?
I, uh...
Uh... WeII, I, um...
I, uh... I just, uh, I just wanted to...
make sure there was enough time
to get aII the sewing done.
Don't you worry about that.
- You're gonna be beautifuI.
- OK.
- Now Iet's get you out of those pins.
AII right.
This is untied. Hop on in.
Hey, hey, hey. Hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Whoa! What...
Mind teIIing me what the heII's wrong?
I just needed to get
away from everybody.
- What's wrong?
- Nothing! Just stop taIking, pIease!
WouId you mind teIIing me
what's happening now?
Margaret.
- Margaret!
- I forgot, OK?
You forgot what?
I forgot what it was
Iike to have a famiIy!
I've been on my own since I was 1 6
and I forgot what it feIt
Iike to have peopIe Iove you
and make you breakfast and say, ''Hey!
We'd Iove to come down
for the hoIidays.''
And I say, ''WeII, why don't we
come up and see you instead?''
And give you neckIaces!
And you have aII that here,
and you have Gertrude, and
I'm... I'm just screwing it up!
You're not screwing it up!
I agreed to this!
You were there, remember?
Your famiIy Ioves you. Do you know that?
- I know that! Yes!
- You know that?
And you're stiII wiIIing
to put them through this?
They're not gonna find out!
How do you know they won't find out?
Because you said so yourseIf.
- I know, but what if your mother...
- You said so yourseIf!
Oh, my God, if your mother found out...
Whoa! Whoa!
- Oh, my God! What if Gammy finds out?
- The boat is moving!
If Gammy finds out, she's
gonna have a heart attack!
Stop! It's gonna be fine!
- She's gonna have a heart attack!
- WiII you caIm down! HoId on!
Whoa, whoa. Whoa!
Whoa! I don't think
that hijacking a boat
is a proper way to
express your frustration!
Now... Oh, great.
Now you decide to shut up! Margaret?
-  Andrew!
- Margaret?
- Margaret!
I can't swim!
Margaret!
To the buoy!
- What?
- To the buoy!
OK.
AII right, come on! Give me your hand!
- Hey! Give me your hand!
-
Margaret! Give me...
Come on, give me your hand!
Come on, come on. I got you. I got you.
I got you.
-
- Come on.
What the heII
were you thinking?
CouId've gotten yourseIf kiIIed.
You turned the boat and
made me faII in, you jackass.
You Iet go of the steering wheeI, Ahab.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
AII right, come here.
You've got to get warm. Come on.
Come on. It's OK.
That's OK.
It's OK.
I want to taIk to both of you.
Your mother is never to
hear about any of this.
ToId you I'd check up on you.
What did you do?
I got a phone caII from
Mr. GiIbertson here,
who toId me that if you were Iying,
and he strongIy beIieves that you are,
he wouId send you to prison.
So I fIew him up here.
- Dad.
- LuckiIy for you,
your father negotiated
a deaI on your behaIf.
Now, this offer's
gonna Iast for 20 seconds,
so Iisten cIoseIy.
You're gonna make a statement
admitting this marriage is a sham...
...or you're gonna go to prison.
You teII the truth, you're off the hook,
and she is going to go back to Canada.
Ah, weII. Take the deaI.
- I don't think so.
- Don't be stupid, Andrew.
You want a statement?
Here's your statement.
I've been working for
Margaret Tate for three years.
Six months ago we started
dating, we feII in Iove.
I asked her to marry me, she said ''yes.''
I'II see you at the wedding.
WeII, you know.
So...
...you sure about this?
Not reaIIy.
I mean, I am very appreciative
of what you've done,
but I think that...
You'd do the same for me.
Right?
-
- Hope everyone is decent.
You need to come with me.
Now, tomorrow
is your wedding day.
You have to give the
Baby Maker a rest tonight.
It's tradition.
- Give your bride a kiss good night.
- We're not gonna...
...use the Baby Maker.
You've got your whoIe
Iives to be together.
-  OK.
- Now, come on. Come on.
If I don't go with her,
she's just gonna...
- Come right back.
- Yeah.
See you in the morning?
Yeah.
Hey, Gammy.
- Thanks, Gammy.
- Oh.
Everyone, pIease be seated.
Ramone.
We are gathered here
today to give thanks...
...and to ceIebrate...
...one of Iife's greatest moments.
To give recognition
to the beauty, honesty,
and unseIfish ways
of Andrew and Margaret's true Iove
in front of famiIy and friends.
For it is their famiIy and friends
who taught Andrew and Margaret to Iove.
So it is onIy right that
famiIy and friends are aII...
Mi amor. Do you have a question?
Uh, no...
Your hand is up.
Oh, it, it's, uh, not a question,
but I do have something I need to say.
- Margaret.
- Can it wait tiII after?
Uh... No. No.
-  Hi there.
-  Hi.
Thank you aII so much for coming out.
I, uh... have
a bit of an announcement
to make about the wedding.
- A confession, actuaIIy.
- What are you doing?
Uh... I'm a Canadian. Yes, Canadian.
With an expired visa
who was about to be deported.
And because I didn't want to Ieave
this wonderfuI country of yours,
I forced Andrew here to marry me.
Margaret, stop it.
See, Andrew has aIways had
this extraordinary work ethic.
Something I think he Iearned from you.
And for three years I
watched him work harder
than anyone eIse at our company.
And I knew that if I threatened
to destroy his career...
...he wouId, he wouId do
just about anything.
So I bIackmaiIed him to
come up here and to Iie to you.
AII of you.
And I thought it wouId
be easy to watch him do it.
But it wasn't.
Turns out it's not easy
to ruin someone's Iife
once you find out
how wonderfuI they are.
You have a beautifuI famiIy.
Don't Iet this
come between you.
This was my fauIt.
Margaret...
Andrew, this was a business deaI,
and you heId up your end,
but now the deaI is off.
I'm sorry.
And, you, meet me at the dock.
You're giving me a ride to the airport.
- What were you thinking?
- I don't, I don't know.
Andrew, you Iied to us.
Let me get my head on straight, OK?
I'II expIain everything Iater.
I'm sorry.
You were right.
This book is special.
I lied because I knew publishing meant
I'd lose you as an assistant
but... you have an extraordinary eye,
and I'll make sure we
buy this before I leave.
Have an amazing life.
You deserve it. Margaret.
WeII, that was, uh... crazy.
You know, peopIe are gonna be
taIking about this forever.
Yeah. Yeah.
Are you OK?
Yeah. No. Uh...
I just feeI... You know
what the probIem is?
The probIem is that this woman...
...is a gigantic pain in my ass.
First there's the whoIe Ieaving
thing. I understand that.
It's a sham wedding.
It's kind of stressfuI.
But then she goes ahead
and she Ieaves this note.
Because she doesn't have the decency...
the humanity to do it to my face.
Three years. Three years
I work with this... this terrorist.
Never once has she had
a nice thing to say,
and then she goes ahead
and she writes this crap!
- Andrew.
- But none of that matters
because we had a deaI!
- Andrew.
- Sorry. I'm sorry. I just...
She just makes me a IittIe crazy.
Yeah. I can see that.
So you're just gonna Iet her go?
So, what now?
WeII... now that
you're Ieaving voIuntariIy,
it aII becomes very civiIized.
Once we Iand in New York,
you have 24 hours
to head back to Canada.
- Andrew, what's happening?
- I got to taIk to her.
- Why wouId you do that?
- Boys!
This has nothing to do with you.
Boys, stop it! Stop it!
I'm not gonna Iet you do this.
I'm not asking
your permission here.
-
- Annie! Joe! Joe!
Annie! Joe!
I think I'm having a heart attack.
- Easy. Easy.
- Somebody get a doctor!
- Easy, easy.
-  Get a doctor!
I got it.
Andrew.
You two need to stop fighting.
You'II never see eye to eye.
But you're famiIy.
Promise me you'II stand by Andrew.
Even if... if you don't agree with him.
I promise.
Andrew.
Promise me you'II work harder
to be a part of this famiIy.
I wiII.
I wiII, Gammy.
WeII, then, the spirits can take me.
Oh, Annie.
Gammy?
I guess they're not ready for me.
I'm feeIing much better, sonny.
No need to take us
to the hospitaI.
Take us to the airport, pIease.
Mom, what? Are you faking
the heart attack?
- Oh, come on!
-
WeII, it was the onIy
way I couId get you two
to shut up and get us to the airport!
Ma'am, we're not authorized
to take you to the airport.
Larry Ferris, don't
make me caII your mother.
You got it.
You scared the heII out of me.
Yep. You shouId've
given up back in New York.
See, I'm Iike EIiot Ness.
I aIways get my man.
I'm that good.
FIight 1 601 , as soon
as you're in position,
you're cIeared for takeoff.
Roger that, Chuck.
OK. Come on, come on,
come on, come on.
-
Tower. TaIk to me.
- Chuck! It's Drew Paxton.
- Hey, dude.
Hey, uh... I have a IittIe
favor I need from you, buddy...
Margaret's on that pIane. I got
to taIk to her. Can you stop it?
Oh, yeah!
I heard about your Iady baiIin'.
- Drag-oIa.
-  Chuck! I need you
to stop the pIane. PIease.
I can't do that.
No, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no! Come on!
Oh, no.
No!
- What's wrong?
- Margaret's on that pIane.
- And he didn't get to teII her.
- TeII her what?
That he Ioves her.
So she couId teII him
that she Ioves him, too.
OK, but how does he...
If she didn't Iove him,
she wouIdn't have Ieft.
Of course not.
Am I the onIy one not getting this?
- Oh, Joe!
- Chuck! Chuck! Look down.
Oh! Oh. Look down.
Like... Oh, there you are!
Sorry, man. There was
nothing I could do.
Thanks, Chuck.
I'm sorry, son. I didn't
know how you feIt about her.
Honey, it's gonna be OK.
Jordan?
Jordan.
Jordan!
I need for you to send
the boxes in my office to...
...to this address, pIease.
This one right here.
This address right here. OK?
- Can you do that?
- Uh, yes. Sure.
- Good, aII right. Thank you.
- Miss Tate.
Yes. What? What?
Hey.
Andrew.
Why are, why are you panting?
Because I've been running.
- ReaIIy. From AIaska?
- I need to taIk to you.
Yeah? WeII, I don't have time to taIk.
I need to catch a 5:45 to Toronto.
- Margaret.
- I need the boxes to go out today.
I want to make sure everything is...
Margaret! Stop taIking!
Gotta say something.
-  OK.
- This wiII just take a sec.
Fine. What?
Three days ago, I Ioathed you.
I used to dream about you
getting hit by a cab.
Or poisoned.
- Oh, that's nice.
- I toId you to stop taIking.
Then we had our IittIe
adventure up in AIaska
and things started to change.
Things changed when we kissed.
And when you toId me about your tattoo.
Even when you checked me
out when we were naked.
-
-  Uh-huuuh.
Naked?
WeII, I didn't see anything...
Yeah, you did.
But I didn't reaIize any of
this untiI I was standing aIone.
In a barn... wife-Iess.
Now, you can imagine my disappointment
when it suddenIy dawned on me
that the woman I Iove is about
to be kicked out of the country.
So, Margaret.
Marry me.
Because I'd Iike to date you.
Trust me. You don't reaIIy
want to be with me.
Yes, I do.
See, the thing is, there is a reason why
I've been aIone aII this time.
I'm comfortabIe that way.
And I think it wouId
just be a Iot easier
if we forgot everything
that happened and I just Ieft.
You're right.
That wouId be easier.
- I'm scared.
- Me, too.
Aren't you supposed to get down
on your knee or something?
I'm gonna take that as a ''yes.''
Oh, OK.
Yeah! Show her
who's boss, Andrew!
So, Iet me see
if I've got this right.
You two are engaged again.
-  Yes.
For reaI?
- Yes.
- Yeah.
You're sure you want to
go through with this?
Because one wrong answer...
I'm gonna take you down.
- OK.
Let's do it.
When did you
first start to date?
Last week.
-  That going weII?
- So far it's great. Thank you.
What kind of
deodorant does Andrew use?
Men's Speed Stick?
What fIavor? Musk? AIpine?
Was it Iove at first sight?
No.
I Ioved her from the beginning.
What side of the
bed does Margaret sIeep on?
She sIeeps on the Ieft.
What side of the bed do you sIeep on?
Look, are they souI mates? Eeeh.
Uh... WiII they kiII each other? No.
Are you a good driver?
Oh, exceIIent driver. ExceIIent.
{makes crashing,
screaming, siren sounds}
Oh.
In my mind I see her
with someone perhaps...
...more swarthy, darker.
We don't use the word
''Margaret'' around Kevin.
He stiII hasn't warmed up to her.
- Margaret.
-
See? It's the damnedest thing.
I have never farted in front of him.
Nor wiII I ever fart in front of him.
She farts in her sIeep.
WouId you consider
Margaret a good dancer?
You can teII by the way
she drinks her soda pop
that she's a good dancer.
Uh-huh. How, how...
How is the soda pop
reIevant to the dancing?
I don't understand this.
- I caII him... puppy.
- Pumpkin.
- Monkey.
- Daisy.
- Kiddo.
- Uh... Bird.
Sometimes I caII him Rick.
How do you speII ''Ramone?''
R-A-M-O-N-E.
CouId you do that
again in EngIish, pIease?
When you say, you know, the
position in the reIationship...
Top or bottom?
You're asking me a question
about who's on top?
You took an oath
when you waIked in this office.
I did not take an oath.
When did I take an oath?
Laura shouId've
done that, but she didn't.
- That's OK.
- Who's Laura?
She's the girI behind you.
Don't Iook around.
Which of
the foIIowing numbers
- is not a prime?
- Seventeen.
I'm sorry. Let me say the Iist, pIease.
I'm sorry?
He knew
your favorite coIor.
- BIue?
-  Wrong!
- Red?
- No!
Dark... Maybe Iike a hunter green?
No. White.
- White?
- OK, moving on.
Favorite coIor is bIue.
What's her favorite coIor
when she's not at home?
I don't know.
Are you a citizen
of this country, Ramone?
Yes, I'm a citizen!
Are you crazy?
What reIevance a baII in a net
or a Fruit RoII-Up or a Pop-Tart
has to do with my
reIationship with Andrew?
If you're
getting excited...
- Who are you engaged to?
-
- Andrew.
- Very good. Got one right.
Who are you engaged to?
I'm engaged to Margaret Tate.
And on the wedding day,
who wiII be next to you?
I'm going to marry Margaret Tate.
-  FinaI answer?
- That work? Yeah, finaI answer.
Is this a game show?
I don't understand what...
That's a great song.
That was beautifuI.
That was reaIIy beautifuI.
Mama Cass.